fix: css clean up + message docs (#181)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/ChatbotHeader/ChatbotHeader.md

import PFHorizontalLogoColor from './PF-HorizontalLogo-Color.svg';
import PFHorizontalLogoReverse from './PF-HorizontalLogo-Reverse.svg';

### Overall structure

> The header of the chatbot has two primary sections, the `<ChatbotHeaderMain>` and the `<ChatbotHeaderActions>`.
> - The `<ChatbotHeaderMain>` can have an optional menu on the left to toggle open and closed a chat history menu. It can also have a `<ChatbotHeaderTitle>` which handles the layout and display of a title or image at different responsive sizes.
> - The `<ChatbotHeaderActions>` can be passed any controls to the header. Specifically, the `<ChatbotHeaderSelectorDropdown>` is a standard PatternFly dropdown styled to match the chatbot styles. The `<ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown>` is a dropdown with a kebab toggle. It is intended to be used to update the settings of the chatbot such as the display mode.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chatbot header is persistent, and contains the title for the chatbot window, as well as any related controls and actions.

The `<ChatbotHeader>` has 2 sections: 
- `<ChatbotHeaderMain>`: Contains the title and an optional menu toggle 
    - `<ChatbotHeaderTitle>` handles the layout and display of a title or image at different responsive sizes.
    - `<ChatbotHeaderMenu>` (optional) is placed on the left side of the header and used to toggle a chat history menu.
- `<ChatbotHeaderActions>`: Contains any additional controls. 
    - The `<ChatbotHeaderSelectorDropdown>` component is a standard PatternFly dropdown that is matches the chatbot styles. 
    - The `<ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown>` component is a dropdown with a menu toggle that is intended to be used to update chatbot settings (like the display mode).
    
Your `<ChatbotHeader>` code structure should look like this:

```
you may have to fiddle with the spacing to render the bulleted list properly

```noLive
<ChatbotHeader>
  <ChatbotHeaderMain>
    <ChatbotHeaderMenu ... />
    <ChatbotHeaderTitle ... />
  </ChatbotHeaderMain>
  <ChatbotHeaderActions>
    <ChatbotHeaderSelectorDropdown ... />
    <ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown ... />
  </ChatbotHeaderActions>
</ChatbotHeader>
```

> ### Chatbot header with controls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Header controls
```
